Fix hook names for Kubernetes authentication (#130)
spacelift-io/user-documentation: docs/vendors/kubernetes/authenticating.md

## GCP

> You can use the gcloud CLI to authenticate with a GKE cluster when using the [Spacelift GCP integration](../../integrations/cloud-providers/gcp.md) using the `gcloud container clusters get-credentials` command. For this to work, you need to use a custom one that has the [`gcloud CLI`](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud){: rel="nofollow"} and `kubectl` installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the gcloud CLI to authenticate with a GKE cluster when using the [Spacelift GCP integration](../../integrations/cloud-providers/gcp.md) using the `gcloud container clusters get-credentials` command. For this to work, you need to use a custom runner image that has the [`gcloud CLI`](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/gcloud){: rel="nofollow"} and `kubectl` installed.
```

Author: Good catch!

Author: Fixed

  --project $GCP_PROJECT_NAME \
  --access-token-file /mnt/workspace/gcloud-access-token
rm /mnt/workspace/gcloud-access-token
```

> And the following _after init_ hooks:

Reviewer: I don't think this will work unfortunately. The problem is that I think the init phase actually runs kubectl commands, and kubectl won't be functional until the `delete-user` and `set-credentials` commands have run.

Author: We have a chicken-and-egg problem then because running all the commands as `pre_init` hooks did not work either.

Author: Fixed
